RGWrapper v1.0

What it is:
-----------
Wrapper for civan's RedGuard program (http://evegrinder.com/) which automates the character
selection process.  Made for use with Questor, but should be usable with any other Eve bot
or program as well, provided some way of passing a command-line argument is available.

How it does it:
---------------
Questor: A Pre-Startup sequence is added to the InnerSpace profile which calls a LavishScript
script when the session is first launched.  That script passes the account name to RGWrapper.exe, 
which then waits for RG's account selection window to appear.  When that appears, it attempts to 
select the matching account and click OK using WinForms controls.  There's little to no error 
checking or failsafes built in, so some care in use would be recommended.  In particular, starting 
multiple clients at the same time would likely be a very bad idea.  While the clients likely 
wouldn't start up at the <exact> same time, there's no guarantee on the exact order they'd be 
grabbed by RG, and this wrapper makes the assumption that there will only be one (1) RG account 
selection screen and one (1) instance of the wrapper active at a given time.  If that's not the 
case, bad things will likely happen.  If you run a script or a batch file to start multiple 
instances of your bot, you want to stagger them by at *least* 10-15 seconds to be safe.

Any non-InnerSpace bot would work the same without the need for the Lavishscript intermediary. 

PLEASE NOTE: RG must be running before launching your Eve profile.  If RG tries to inject into
Eve too late, it tends to crash (at least for me) in a manner in which it continues to run (or at
least hogging the memory assigned to it) but disappears from the taskbar and must be closed with
the task manager.  RGWrapper will attempt to run RG if it's not found, which will likely save any
profiles run later from crashing, but will likely not save that first process.

How to configure (Questor):
---------------------------
1) Configure RedGuard, test manual login to ensure everything is working.

2) Compile RGWrapper.au3.  It is an AutoIt script, so you'll need to download the AutoIt 
	program and compiler to do this.  You can use it uncompiled by running the AutoIt 
	interpreter directly while passing in the script name and account name as parameters, 
	but the command line becomes much messier.  Good luck with that.

3) Place RGWrapper.exe, RGWrapper.ini, and RGWrapper.iss in a folder somewhere.  I recommend 
	the RG folder.  If you're using something other than Questor (or another InnerSpace based 
	bot), RGWrapper.iss is unnecessary and useless to you.  It's only used to pass arguments from 
	InnerSpace to RGWrapper.exe.  We'll say you put everything in "D:\RGWrapper\" for this example.

4) Edit RGWrapper.ini to show the locations of your Eve executible (exefile.exe, not eve.exe) and 
	your RG executible.  Notice the quotes around the example locations.  They probably need to stay 
	there.  Also note that you're specifying the location of the executible, not the directory it's in.

5) Open InnerSpace's configuration tool.  Edit your Eve profile and add a Pre-startup sequence 
	(click Pre-Startup, click Insert, click New Entry to edit.).  Name it RGWrapper or whatever.  
	You'll need to add a command line like so:

	Runscript d:\\RGWrapper\\RGWrapper "AccountName"

	Please note the double backslashes instead of single.  Note that it's RGWrapper, not RGWrapper.exe 
	(you're calling a Lavishscript object here, not the executible file directly).  And finally, note 
	that you're using the account name that you used to configure RG, not your character name.

	You'll need to do this for every account you use, obviously.

6) Now when you start that particular profile, you should just get a momentary glimpse of RG's 
	account selection screen and then your account should be automatically selected and Eve should 
	start.  If not, bummer.  Check your configuration.

--------------

If you're using another bot or program that doesn't rely on InnerSpace, you can skip all of the above 
	except configuring RGWrapper.ini.  Just find a way to pass your account name as a command-line 
	argument to RGWrapper:

	RGWrapper.exe AccountName

	Notice the manner in which I've cleverly NOT used quotes when directly passing the account to 
	RGWrapper.  You probably should follow suit.

